I'll wave it off you there's me good
there between my legs hey works baby
would ocb it really fucking Mikey see me
with a little couple issues I'm even
think they were to come in this car cuz
outside already like look I'm mess
speaking outside maybe yeah we get
around yeah but let's hurry up but
you're slacking off sawsan what I did is
very important be I all right Chanel
then it's only Chanel Chanel shelling
out up a sauna something and you just I
slacking off what you do at least you're
wrong you an option both side made
something y'all the free and crucify me
come on you know you all even the PES
dirty car and I sleep 35 what's your
three shetty shetty sweet hey what you
ladies ain't finish nuttin my name is
y'all I to me boat at shetty study was
never designed by myself that I could
treat people to masashi a few days so he
believed that I bullshit when you get
off in a car right if this clean right
if this is shinin you don't feel like
the car get clean no this is gonna sell
you the car got clean this be the shine
I got try to become a sec first stop
okay but I just want you see on the dirt
that we make a turn in london i see the
dirt i spotted a before you moved it you
know if you can see dirt and don't move
it yeah what kind of wonder that's night
using even animals like sake got a date
a neighbor right see me and mikey tree
either one plate me but plate right here
Danny tell a start-up go inside your
denim something right when she came back
on time we got neither like this nice
you guys be dancing you we had a sense
you know girl already saying walk past a
plate with a nobleman others mom but I'm
kind of girl new go to be she's still
starting that exceed racing thank you
I'm take it inside and friggin wash it
and dry it and put it back in the
cupboard then I realized feel like
everybody sit in a day daughters be like
you know like nigga almost had a point
but be doing it about that i canna
where'd baby I was scared forgot to show
you people up this manifold
tasin six and seven-year-olds don't
wanna bother yes worse than feeling a
fucking test you didn't even know who's
taken yes that does it I sit oh yeah I
get my peoples on me if I come south
practicing son I could brush with them
for new years which shoe business back
cuz cutters cups no I only Russian
because I just want to rush yeah I just
want to rush ya me i won the rush to but
I just think I said Lizzie I would rock
but i would let them know that it's
about me and when I tie it I stopped and
I my goodness for me it's a life choice
I can't let us but I just want to rush
the experience not because I all about +
25 / night Russian slackens is all the
jungle hard red you can type II but I
don't watch basketball but then you're
hopeless Malika
I'm in the everybody loved it when we
make shots you in our house we can't be
stopped I they cross you over your head
Shelly I tryna clean up I was inside the
room on the flow it is free and anchors
not ducking work I was trying to con I I
need a life alert
when you have acted like i did all
senior citizens should not have life i
feel myself grumpy like a little Joel
moving when you have accent like i did
thanks it arose the cock-eyed manatee
come back to the hordes